README.md, before:

# @onchange.fyi/gateway

### What is it?
<details>
  <summary>
    tl;dr: Service that handles all frontend interactions
  </summary>
  <br />

  End goal will hopefully be something like the following:
  1. Receive `/put` with `{ targetId }`
  2. Fetch all users watching this `{ targetId }`
  3. Fetch url for diff snapshot of this change
  4. Compose and send email to every user in the list

</details>
<br/>

### How to use it?
<details>
  <summary>
    tl;dr: <code>unexposed to the outside world</code>
  </summary>
  <br />

### INSTANTIATE THE USERS TABLE
```
aws dynamodb create-table --table-name users \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=id,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=id,KeyType=HASH \
  --provisioned-throughput ReadCapacityUnits=1,WriteCapacityUnits=1 \
  --query TableDescription.TableArn --output json
```

</details>
<br/>

### TODO:
<details>
<summary>tl;dr: <strong>Some</strong></summary>
<br />

  1. Instantiate the users database
  2. Instantiate the targets database
  3. Instantiate the image repository
  4. Create the Evaluator
  5. Test mocked context interactions
  6. Test mocked database interactions
  7. Email template research
  8. Create a not-shit email template

</details>
<br/>

Commit message:

:memo: update readme with progress.

README.md, after:

# @onchange.fyi/gateway

### What is it?
<details>
  <summary>
    tl;dr: Service that handles all frontend interactions
  </summary>
  <br />

  End goal will hopefully be something like the following:
  1. Receive `/put` with `{ targetId }`
  2. Fetch all users watching this `{ targetId }`
  3. Fetch url for diff snapshot of this change
  4. Compose and send email to every user in the list

</details>
<br/>

### How to use it?
<details>
  <summary>
    tl;dr: <code>unexposed to the outside world</code>
  </summary>
  <br />

### INSTANTIATE THE USERS TABLE
```
aws dynamodb create-table --table-name users \
  --attribute-definitions AttributeName=id,AttributeType=S \
  --key-schema AttributeName=id,KeyType=HASH \
  --provisioned-throughput ReadCapacityUnits=1,WriteCapacityUnits=1 \
  --query TableDescription.TableArn --output json
```

</details>
<br/>

### TODO:
<details>
<summary>tl;dr: <strong>Some</strong></summary>
<br />

### Users:
2. Fix getUser not functioning for `{email}` field querying (probably switch it to a query/filter)
3. Investigate how to pass token through header context
4. Put deleteUser behind `token-powered context wall™`
5. Add update method behind `token-powered context wall™`

### Targets:
1. Instantiate target DB
2. Create endpoint for creating a target behind the `token-powered context wall™`
3. Reduce availability # by 1 when creating target
4. Block target creation when user availability # is 0
5. Assign targetId to user targetIDs on creation as well

### Generic:
1. Better tests, commenting and uncommenting in a real-world DB isn't testing
2. Better docs

</details>
<br/>
